♫ Only You!  You... ♫
♫ My heart beats and I can't say anything ♫
♫  I only look at you like this  ♫
♫ Only you!  You... ♫
♫ With a fluttering heart, I will approach you ♫
♫ Open your heart a little bit to me ♫
♫ Only you... ♫
Goodness...
Adults need compliments.
You did well.
Just as I will arrive for work at 8:00 a.m.,
I hope you guys will make sure to come home from work at 7:00 p.m.
I charge overtime even if you're just 10 minutes late.
I do not work on the weekends.
Whether it's a baby massage or top-quality baby food,
if you want a premium service, you just have to pay an extra 30,000 won.
Do you have any questions?
If we're late even once,
- we'll be bankrupt.
- Stop.
If we get off work early, do you discount your day's pay?
Oh my goodness, you guys are a married couple? Oh my!
You weren't homeless!
But is that child from back then the second?
Remarriage! Oh my, oh my. Did you guys cheat?
Oh my, oh my. You two... Did they really cheat?
Oh my! Oh my.
Teacher, I'll meet you at aerobics!
Go safely!
Do you know them?
Let's act like a married couple.
I'm so tired.
It's not simple getting a babysitter. What are you going to do with the opening coming soon?
Well, I'll leave the kid at the daycare center till 3:00 p.m. and then take her to the hospital.
How do you know those crazy women?
How do you know them?
I don't even want to talk about it.
Hari, Hari, Jang Hari? What are you going to do now?
Shall we have fun together as we prepare for the hospital opening?
Don't say nonsense. If you're going to make me work, then pay me part-time.
It's not easy.
Hello.
Oh, come in! This is our schedule for today.
10:00 a.m.: Sanghee - Yeonho
10:00 a.m.: Yisang - Hari
Jang Hari is doing a photoshoot?
She's so diligent, it's scary.
Suspension at work means not to be seen in front of the CEO.
I came!
What kind of photoshoot is this?
It's too obvious.
It's an article about children having friends of a different gender.
Oh! You scared me. Why?!
I'm s-sorry.
I-it wasn't supposed to be you today?
I told Hari not to come since I can do this shoot.
Sanghee knows how to do baby food shoots well on his own, because we do them every month.
She wouldn't feel like working when she got suspended.
I told her not to even think about coming this way or even show the tip of her nose here.
You're so uselessly supportive of her.
What?
Wh-What do we need to film?
He's such a weird man.
We need a full shot like this, from the front.
Leave some space at the top for the title.
He's so transparent.
Make sure you leave space on the top for the title.
I understand.
A little...
I'll do it on my own.
[Episode 5: When we want to believe in fate]
Mom!
W-What's the occasion?
Hello.
Why are you treating me like some kind of patient?
You are a patient.
You must eat something smooth for your digestion to work well.
Is being a guitarist your dream? Why do it till you get an injury?
It's because I've done a lot of restaurant work.
The arthritis came back just because I flicked a few guitar strings.
You should take it easy. Do you have a deep resentment toward not being able to play?
Of course, I do.
I've always wanted to play the Spanish Romance.
But I got hooked by your father, so all I managed to play was the Edelweiss.
Damn it. When I fell head over heels,
it blinded me from being able to see what was real and what wasn't.
But you seem to have luck late in life, don't you think?
We found the cancer in its beginning stages,
and you have the ease to do all the things you want.
What can you do with more time and money when your body won't listen to you?
How nice would it be to try everything I couldn't do because of work and lack of money before I die?
I know. You should do everything while you can.
That's why I'm trying to have a baby.
I only have a few eggs left.
But because I have endometriosis, they said it'll be hard to give birth after surgery.
But it's not serious.
Right now... Are you talking about yourself?
I can just have a kid, and then get surgery to fix the endometriosis. It's not a big deal.
It's getting cold. Hurry and eat.
Hurry and eat. It's getting cold.
You're going to do artificial insemination by yourself? Did I hear wrong or are you crazy?
I already told you that I gave up on marrying. I'm only going to give birth to a baby.
Oh my. You really must be crazy.
I think I'm going to keep being crazy.
Can't you just take my side?
Is this a matter of you buying green onions or some water?
How can I support you when you're trying to buy sperm?
I'm not buying it ... I'm going to get them to agree and cooperate. Be quiet.
Friend, Hari, I really don't think that's it.
I think it's right.
Hey! So you're just going to have a kid?
It's hard to raise a child even with a husband, but alone?
Okay. Let's say you can raise the baby alone.
But then... what if a good person appears?
Don't you think that having suffered for 20 years already with that kind of hope is enough?
I have no lingering thoughts about men.
My dear friend, instead of shutting off your heart, why don't you look again at men you've rejected before,
and try hitting on men you've already hit on before.
People you never thought of as anything more than a friend could suddenly seem like a man.
Search well. There are so many good men out there.
Who? Do you know any?
Oh, yeah. My brother-in-law. You know, right?
He cooks breakfast every morning before he leaves for work,
he drops the kids off for school, goes on an overseas trip every year,
and he only thinks about my sister.
That's right. Your brother-in-law is really thoughtful.
Yeah, he must have come to buy groceries with your sister.
That's your brother-in-law, right?
Did your sister lose weight? Her S-line body, wow—
Hey, who's that young person?
You should go first.
Eunyoung, that... picture of evidence!
I mean... gather the evidence!
Brother-in-Law.
Who is this girl?
You... have the wrong person.
Brother-in-Law!  You are my brother-in-law!
Brother-in-law!
I'm not your brother-in-law!
Her poor sister, goodness.
- I said I'm not your brother-in-law!
- Brother-in-law!
Brother-in-law!
- I said I'm not your brother-in-law!
- You are my brother-in-law, Jung Joonyoung!
No, I'm not!
Eunyoung was against marriage, and used to think it foolish of me to dream of marriage.
She was preparing to launch a start-up as an app developer.
She went to earn an investment from an investment company
and turned her life around.
The sudden relationship soon became a marriage and a pregnancy.
Eunyoung had the confidence to be a working mom; something that superwoman couldn't even do.
She had no idea she would have pre-eclampsia
and give birth to premature twins.
Who knew that she who dreamed of becoming a successful venture capitalist would put her life on the line to give birth?
Who knew she would go and catch her cheating brother-in-law while out grocery shopping?
After living for 39 years, I learned:
Good things won't happen out of the blue.
But bad things will hit you from behind without a warning.
If you don't do anything, nothing will happen.
So, I should at least do something.
Yoon Jaeyoung.
Objectively speaking, he has so many good qualities that would be good to have.
If I ask him to give it to me...
He'd probably curse.
[Sperm Donation Candidate #2] Yoon Jaeyoung
Han Yisang. See, he's not bad.
More importantly,
he's kind of cool.
Why am I smiling? He's not going to give it.
[Potential Sperm Donor Number 3] Han Yisang
Choikang Eutteum.
As expected...
[Potential Sperm Donor Number 1]
Really?
Mr. Eutteum, come here.
Yes? Yes.
This, this. How could you write it like this?
These proposals should be strong and captivating!
As soon as the client sees this, with their eyes popping out, should be going
"Wow, I should definitely do an advertisement here."
- I said to seduce them!
- He can't even do it himself.
Why can't you do this one right no matter how much I teach you?
I'll write it again.
After acting like you learn so quickly!
Damn it.
How are you going to survive in this office?
Mr. Eutteum.
The next is a O-X quiz.
O-X? I'm confident.
A man donated his sperm.
Can this sperm be given to only one infertile couple? Yes or no?
Choi Kang Eutteum! X!
- Correct.
- Yes!
If we submit a proposal of a campaign to donate sperm at a infertility clinic...
Is it because it's a topic you're interested in?
Let's say that's true.
Between listing all the advantages of an ad in a magazine versus
doing a learning quiz like we just did, what do you think would be more effective?
- Learning quiz!
- Correct!
That's how you should write proposals.
Come up with a concept the client may be interested in and make a magazine ad or video using it.
While also consulting with reporters.
You're like an all-knowing lecturer.
Hmm!
Hari came.
Why? Did something happen?
She's doing something secretly with Eutteum.
With Eu-Eutteum?
What for?!
They went to the conference room, so they're probably having a meeting.
Fuzzy... my eyes are fuzzy
(T/N: sounds like "what for")
I looked at the screen for too long.
- Seungho, can you air out the room?
- Yes!
Um...
After listening, what do you think? About donating sperm?
Not a proposal but a sperm donation?
No... well... I was curious about whether the explanation was effective.
But... even though you want to receive it, you can't.
Because you're single.
I'm trying to find a solution. Without breaking the law.
Ah, but... what if the child is curious about the dad?
That's why I'm trying to get consent.
That if the child is curious about the dad, whether I can tell them. Or...
if the child wants to meet, whether he can meet.
To the donor?
Yes.
Before that, I probably should tell the child in such a way that they would understand.
Mom wanted to meet you so much,
that I asked a nice man for a favor.
That just because he let you be born doesn't make him a dad.
It's not because he didn't love you,
it's because he and I weren't in love.
I'm so confident that I can love the child,
but it wouldn't be enough for the child. Right?
If it's your child,
I think they'll like it a lot that you're their mom.
Thanks.
The biological dad...
needs to have good healthy genes.
Right. How do we find out?
Then...
Eutteum, you must have finished the proposal if you're just sitting here.
Ah, you didn't take the health exam yet, right? Make sure to get it by this week.
- Okay, I understand.
- Me too!
I need to get it, too.
I'm gonna get it.
- Are you going?
- Yeah.
Bro!
Why? Why? What?
Shall we?
What are we eating?
My goodness.
Have you not forgotten about Inah?
Why are you suddenly asking?
Just because.
I'm just wondering if you aren't meeting anybody who you have feelings for because you can't forget about her.
I'm not meeting anyone because I'm comfortable being alone.
To be honest, you're jealous of me.
I'm so jealous.
I worried a lot for you guys.
You guys, during the MT (retreat) the first year at where was that? Oh yeah.
At Daesungri. You two snuck out and did this...
When you guys got caught kissing by me!
Starting from then, I watched you guys for seventeen years.
Your memory is so good.
Since two people who were doing well without any problems suddenly split up,
I didn't feel good.
Since you were hurting so much, I couldn't get to ask.
But why did you guys break up?
Why is it here again?
Would it be good to put it somewhere more accessible?
Inah.
That was always there.
There's no change.
At all.
What do you mean?
Everything changed.
The trivial everyday life that we used to enjoy together.
We started to hate the habits that we liked.
It got tiring.
Because you think it'll be like that again,
you're living alone?
Try and meet another good person. They might be different.
Bro,
it's a problem that people who were in love for 17 years couldn't overcome.
Why should I make someone I like to deal with my problem?
I can just deal with it myself.
Oh geez...
♪ I have to buy more alcohol ♪
Huh?
Han Yisang!
You saw me, right?
I saw you.
Did you pretend you didn't see me?
Yes. That's right.
Why?
Can't I do things my way?
You're drunk, aren't you?
Yes, yes, yes. Correct!
Oh no... What are we going to do?
Wow... this is crazy.
Why do you keep following me?
Because the park is round. So is the earth.
Since the earth is round, if we keep walking, then we'll eventually meet.
- You're drunk, aren't you?
- How low do you think my tolerance is...
Drunkard Han Yisang, can you find your house well?
Who do you think I am?
But... Why did I do well?
What?
I mean, to be exact, what... where...
How did I do well?
You...
did well with your height, your face,
and your personality. Right?
Oh yeah!  I'm 41 years old.  I'm not a kid.
You're really funny when you're drunk.
Let's go have a drink. I want to see more.
Today, I have to stay alone.
If we're together,
there's going to be a big problem.
Well, even if you want to scare me, I won't get scared. I'll leave now.
Bye.
Hello. This is Doha.
Doha!
- Ah! Oh yes.
- I'll be back so have fun with the teacher. Okay?
If you're worried, since today is the first day, you can go inside and watch her.
No. We're going to keep on being separated from now, so she needs to accept the reality.
Yoon Doha, don't cry and be well.
Doha.
She plays well without her dad.
That's nice but it's a bit upsetting.
[Opening in May]
- Over to the left a bit.
- Okay!
Move it a bit more.
It looks cool.
- She's probably doing well, right?
- What?
My daughter, Doha.
[Resume]
- Moon Woo Bin?
- Yes.
Wow! You stayed at the same hospital for a while.
Ah right. The doctor moved overseas, so I had to quit.
Wow... Well, for me, I'm going to be a doctor until I die so you don't need to worry about resigning.
Ah, yes.
I... But... Do I also have to look after your baby?
Ah... I usually just take care of my child with an app.
Tada.
Wow.
So you don't have to look after her. Okay?
Once adjusted, I'll be sending her to daycare. In the meantime, it'll be here.
Ah, the kid doesn't want to separate from you, right?
No... It's I who can't adjust well.
What?
No problem.
Wow, there's so much.
- I've never gotten a checkup before.
- It's also my first time getting a checkup since I started working here.
Are you just going to take the basic exam?
No, I'm going to receive everything.
Teacher! Just a moment.
Here... What are the additional exams?
Ah, if you look here, there's the brain, heart, and a male checkup.
Look at the list and just select the ones you would like.
Okay, thank you.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
You should do everything.
- Everything.
- Everything? There's so much, though.
I mean if you're doing it already!
[Sedated gastroscopy, carotid ultrasound, kidney ultrasound, stamina evaluation]
- Boss.
- Yeah?
You're done.
Because it hurt, you didn't know she pricked you, right?
My cheek hurts too now!
What are you talking about?
I want you...
It hurts, you bastard!
What neighborhood is this...
Deputy Jang Hari...
Learning quiz...
- Eutteum, are you ok—
- Sperm donation.
Sperm donation?
For infertile couples...
Hope.
I'm actually a bit nervous about the checkup results. What if they discover something big?
Even though you are not confident with your health, there is nothing wrong with you. I believe you could digest stones.
When you receive your exam results, could you tell me?
Whether the results were good or bad. I'm worried, that's why.
Okay. I'll tell you for sure.
- For sure!
- Yes, for sure.
Deputy Editor!
They said I'm all normal! That I'm very healthy!
I knew it!
And... I have something to brag about. Even the doctor was surprised, saying that it was an amazingly rare case.
I... have ten times the average.
About what?
My sperm count!
[Choi Kang Eutteum]
[King]
Ten times. How are you going to use all that many?
I didn't expect these results, so I'm not sure.
You know we have looked into more about sperm donation...?
Oh, right! Sperm donation.
Yes...
Shall I share it with you?
Really?
If I think about it, it's a hard thing. But when I think about it again, not so much.
Of course, you can't compare sperm donation with blood donation.
I think I could do it if it was for someone who wanted it with their entire being.
The donor will be a secret, so it'll be like doing a good deed anonymously.
But it's not something you can decide on easily.
I don't have to be the dad, so I can be the kind man.
I'm thankful, but you should think about it a bit more.
It might be a problem when you are married.
When you have a kid, you might get caught.
Don't worry. I don't know about my future wife, but I'll ask my parents for permission!
What? Your parents?
There's a child that I created. I would definitely have to tell them.
Yeah, your parents should know...
Yeah, they should know. Since there will be a grandchild somewhere out there.
They'll be very shocked.
That's right. I'll also have to pretend to not know the child, so whether they too will be able to pretend...
I need to ask them.
Ah...
- I'll be going in.
- Yes, work hard.
It's difficult.
Yes, Aunt?
Aunt, Aunt, Aunt. First, calm down.
Please take her to the emergency room first. I'll be there right away.
Department Head, General Manager is looking for you.
Okay.
[DaChae Media]
[Sales Report]
The Baby's sales dropped again.
The thing is... the industry hasn't been great...
- Department Head Kim.
- Yes?
Since your leave for your child's delivery is over, show some effort in raising sales.
You've been the lowest in sales for three years and your ads keep dropping.
You should take responsibility.
My reporters and I are writing up proposals to help the advertising team.
I'm not using maternity leave either.
Take some leave.
If you're sure you'll come back.
Childcare doesn't just end after three months.
If you use all of your leave here and there,
and you don't come back to work, it's just a loss for the company.
Yes... That's why I'm not using my legally mandated maternity leave.
Because you've been making me feel bad.
Oh, we... no matter how hard we work, there is a low birth rate and—
Go out.
There has been a request from the local government for promotional material to be made for the city of Mureung.
"the baby" will do it.
It should have gone to Deco but we gave it to you because your sales are so low.
Keep that in mind and do a good job.
If there's a good response to the Mureung City case,
then we'll let "the baby" take all future cases coming in from the local governments.
Our General Manager.
You scolded us first before giving us this carrot,
our thinking was short-sighted.
We had no idea. Thank you.
That's why it's a lonely position.
Why did you come in?
Go rest at home.
I feel uncomfortable resting at home.
That's your punishment.
I'll try to rest here uncomfortably...
Okay. There's been a marketing request by the city of Mureung for tourism.
If you take a morning plane, you can come back the next day.
Other media will go as well,
but we need to stand out the most in Mureung, so that they
will want to use our article in worldwide.
Who wants to go?
I have 15 articles this month?
I have... an article to work on at a market in Gangwon Province.
Rather than that, what should we do with the subscribers' participation event for the first issue?
Hari can't even ride an airplane well.
That's true. She's suspended so she can't go anyway.
She definitely won't go because she's having fun.
I, who has been having fun due to getting suspended, will go.
I can't go.
What is it now?
I embarrassed myself in front of Jang Hari...
No way...
Did you pretend to be cute?
How are you going to face her now?!
I'm so embarrassed I could die, but I'll try to endure it.
They said it's an important photoshoot.
I need to go, but my arm is hurt!
I'm not able to earn any money cause of this arm, so I can't even use a freelancer!
Ah, I really...
Let's close up the studio.
Stop it. I can't face Jang Hari anymore.
Ah, take care of it!
Chief, I haven't heard from the photographer yet. It's not like he didn't see it, right?
He must be somewhere there.
He's your partner. Search well.
What? My partner?
What partner?
I found him.
Should we get going?
If you were assigned, you should have told me. It would have been nice to come together!
Do you want to eat this?
Well.
What about octopus grilled in butter? Beef jerky?
I don't like any of them.
Can you go and drink some alcohol and come back? You were sincere and cute then.
Can I not do it my way?
Yes, yes, yes.
Correct
We're not going on a trip for fun.
A trip is a trip.
If we're going on a trip, we should buy some things to eat and have a good time.
I have to take an airplane.
I'm going crazy, an airplane...
We're... not... going on a trip to-together.
So you're not going to eat?
Maybe you're getting too...
Hello, everyone.
We sincerely welcome you.
Our staff will be working hard to make sure you all have a safe and comfortable flight.
Are you okay?
I have a fear of take-offs.
Once it takes off, I'll be fine. It's quick.
Your body isn't feeling bad or anything, right?
No.
Hello.
Where's Hari?
She went on a business trip to Mureung with Han Yisang.
To the far away Mureung, with no other staff, just the two of them?
Together, far away...
I mean, what are they doing that it's only the two of them?
What kind of dog-like situation is this?
Everyone, the "fasten seatbelt" sign has been turned off.
However, because there are moments of sudden movement, we advise
that you keep your seatbelts on while in your seats.
In the case that the seatbelt signal turns off...
♫ Every day I find a light to make me shine ♫
Oh! Oh my goodness.
Sir, are you okay?
♫ A sensation of falling in love ♫
♫ You take me up ♫
♫ to the stars ♫
♫  Oh, feeling raindrops in my hand ♫
♫ When they fall softly ♫
♫ come draw nearer to me ♫
♫  Oh raindrops falling down ♫
♫ Every day, with you, like this moment ♫
♫ Don't don't don't don't don't forget my heart ♫
A person who suddenly seems like a man...
Is it this guy? The bus I missed...
It always happens on days when you're late for important meetings;
strangely, the bus doesn't come.
If you get into a taxi to get there a little more quickly, the traffic is bad;
and right as you get upset, the bus you were waiting for flashes by in the lane next to you.
If this time, my impatience takes over and if I miss the connection that was coming my way...
will I later regret not grabbing this person's hand?
Why isn't this opening?
Why—
...does this open well? They made it well.
Do you want to drink this?
No.
Driver...
Thank you.
Wait... Not my hand, but the handkerchief.
Yeah, the handkerchief.
- What?
- Hari,
should I take the picture with my gown or without it?
Why are you asking me about taking off your clothes? There's a reporter there.
What? Both look cool.
Stop joking, it's embarrassing
Okay, then shall I take it with it on or off?
Taking it off or not, do whatever you want.
It's better if I wear it? Okay, work hard.
It looks cooler if I wear it.
Was it Yoon Jaeyoung?
Yes.
Why do you keep calling me?
Shall I get my picture taken sitting down or standing up?
Wouldn't it be nice if I stand by the window looking cool?
No, I think it's better if I sit to show the nameplate.
Sit down and cover your belly.
Oh, fine. Okay. Work hard.
Let's start.
Why? What? Why, what, what?
Shall I take it smiling or without?
It would be nice to not smile, right? For a more serious and professional vibe.
No, actually I think smiling is better. Since it's a local hospital,
wouldn't it be nice to go for a more friendly approachable vibe?
Just shut up and take it, you watermelon bastard.
You think I'm charming?
Stop it, Hari.
Doctor,
you're going to come out this small.
It's not easy.
'Mureung' means there are no tombs here. They planted fake tombs here to trick enemies of the King's tomb.
There's a legend that a dragon ascended from those fake tombs made here.
That's only a legend, is it not?
- Take it comfortably.
- Okay.
♫ I want to wait for you slowly ♫
Over there, will it be okay?
I think it'll be fine.
♫ I'm already fluttering ♫
Thank you!
♫ I'm going in for love ♫
♫ You're my everything ♫
♫ I'll tell you with my heart, my love is only one ♫
♫ Only you... you! ♫
♫ Only you ♫
♫ You, only you, with a fluttering heart, I will approach you ♫
That's nice.
♫ Open your heart a little bit to me ♫
♫ Only you ♫
Okay, so with this, we've come to the end of our official schedule for today.
Those who want to keep taking pictures can.
If you want to spend more time here, you can.
You guys worked hard.
Thank you.
Jang Hari, isn't the end kind of regretful?
Right? Should we take a picture of someone at the ocean?
Hari, didn't come yet?
She went to Mureung. She'll probably come late at night.
Eat some food.
Aunt, the photographer is a man.
What if something happens with the man?
What would?
A scary thing!
But I wonder if we should be renting a car for one shot...
You said it was a piece that your pride is riding on.
It's a "Photo By Han Yisang." My pride is riding on this, too.
Even if I said I didn't want to, I'd never not do my best.
I know.
Do we have enough time?
If I speed up, we'll be able to make the plane.
Okay.
♫ Hug those feelings ♫
♫ Remember it ♫
♫ The love that stays beside you ♫
♫ It isn't too far ♫
♫ Try opening your heart ♫
♫ I want to show you my heart ♫
♫ My love is all around ♫
What do you think about this for when we explain Mureung's point of view?
What is it?
You're the first photographer that thinks of the article when taking photos.
It's perfect.
- Should I just take a couple more before leaving?
- Yes.
She went to work, so what's going to happen?
She's someone who went on a two-night, three-day business trip with a man where nothing happened.
What if something happens this time?
You know those things.
You're focusing so hard on work that you lose the car.
You go to an inn but there's only one lodging left.
But there's only one room in that lodging.
I hate unexpected and unpleasant situations like this.
- Oh my goodness. Hey. You think that people nowadays don't come home because the last train is gone?
- You're right.
It has to rain!
It looks like it's going to rain.
It's crazy.
You have nowhere to go but it's raining and your clothes are soaked. There's a chill.
But the heater in the lodging is broken so the two have to hold one another
and share their body temperature.
That's how something erotic happens. You don't know anything!
I'm so uncomfortable.
The flight was canceled.
The buses are full and the trains are sold out.
What should we do?
We have to extend the rental car and go back up. The planes aren't even flying.
We'll be able to leave, right?
As long as a landslide doesn't block the highway, we can leave!
Let's go.
Breaking News: Due to a sudden downpour in the Seonam area,
there was a landslide near Mureung
that has blocked the nearby highway.
The response team is putting in emergency restoration efforts.
They estimate the restoration process will take about six hours.
We will provide updates as they come in.
That isn't where they went, right?
No way.
Does this make sense?
How do things just happen like this? Like it was planned or something.
By chance, do you think I made this happen?
No. You said we should come here.
From the moment you said that we absolutely had to rent a car to come all this way, I knew.
How could he use the main photo as bait?
This is quite original. I couldn't even think of something like this!
Say something that makes sense!
Are you saying that I made this landslide happen right now?
No... well... you probably saw the weather in advance.
Doesn't it make more sense that this would be your doing?
No, not at all. I follow 2020 trends.
They wouldn't even do these on dramas these days.
This kind of situation falls exactly in line with Mr. Han Yisang's 1988 trends.
What, 1988? Is this how you're going to corner me?
Well, we'll find out soon anyway.
Look. I'm telling you. We'll go to a countryside grandma's lodging place.
[Private Lodging]
Is anyone there?
Is anyone here?
Is there nowhere else? Is this the only place?
You saw that this was the only place.
Exactly. You sure found the only lodging here well.
Is no one here?
Did you come...
to look for a room?
Yes, yes. We are looking.
There's probably only one room like in the movies.
We have three rooms.
You can each have one.
The rentals aren't shared...
We— We'll do that. We'll use one room each and—
and Jang Hari will use one room alone,
and we'll use it well, not even touching shoulders.
Please do as you please.
Yes, thank you.
Thank you.
I guess we have to use that to make our food ourselves.
It seems that way.
But will you able to sleep here? I'll sleep in the car—
Then, I'll sleep in the car...
Put them on.
You're considerate.
We'll change.
The person you are trying to call
She still hasn't come. Her phone is also off.
She said she didn't have a lot of battery. She isn't coming tonight.
She's sleeping outside tonight? She's just with Han Yisang right now, isn't she?
Aunt, you're just letting it go that she's spending the night with some guy?
You should chase after her and drag her here.
It's a "thank you" if she's out spending the night with a man.
What kind of man is he? Is he okay? What about his age?
Does he have a home? Does he work hard?
He doesn't have a home or a family.
He's old, and his face is scary. It's dreary.
He's a weird man. I object.
If you hate it that much, then you go and live with her.
I'm just worried like a big brother, Aunt. Why are you like this to me?
What big brother is he talking about? He's one month younger.
Just try and come home. I won't stand still!
Not getting service.
Heave-ho!
You're very rural-like.
What are you saying? Everyone thinks I'm an overseas Korean.
Kevin. Daniel.
Yeah.
No, why are you burning firewood?
There's a gas stove inside.
It's an induction so I guess you didn't find it.
There's an iron cauldron, so...
That's the interior.
Did you make food?
For your food, it's like a hotel's room service.
You guys sure are old-fashioned.
It's hot and nice!
The coffee has come.
Thank you.
It's my first time seeing coffee like this.
Rice bowl coffee.
How did you start taking pictures?
My father's hobby was taking pictures.
I'd drop off film with my father at the photography store.
And I'd get so excited to pick them up. I just liked that.
That's why your photos are warm.
The photos are like you.
Then... I was curious about how the photos would come out and there was an excitement about waiting.
Wondering what will happen tomorrow... There's nothing I could be more curious about.
I'm only curious about today, the present.
How we're going to spend this night?
I-It's good, right?
Are you done washing?
Yes.
I'm going to go wash.
Warm water comes out, right?
It comes out well!
Goodnight.
(In the very formal way)
♫ Everyday I find a light to make me shine ♫
♫ It's okay if I wait a bit more ♫
♫ Like the feeling of falling in love ♫
♫ You take me up to the stars ♫
♫ Oh, feeling raindrops in my hand ♫
♫ It's gently falling ♫
♫ Come close to me ♫
♫ Just like now with you day by day ♫
♫ Don't don't don't don't don't forget my heart ♫
♫ Every day I wish to fly just like a bird ♫
♫ I want to go wherever with you ♫
♫ Like the feeling of falling in love ♫
♫ You take me up to the stars ♫
♫ Oh, catching teardrops in my hand ♫
♫ When you are having a hard time, I'll hug you ♫
[What are you doing now, Han Yisang?]
♫ Just like now with you day by day ♫
♫ Don't don't don't don't forget my heart ♫
♫ When falling down again. Down again, I'm here ♫
♫ Making sure that you're okay ♫
♫ When feeling down again. Down again, I'm here ♫
♫ I will be your sunlight ♫
Han Yisang!
What are you doing there?
What is it?
Wait. Shhh.
Why are you whispering?
This is so cool.
I'm out of my mind.
It sure is windy.
Let's block the wind, okay?
Your body is big—
♫ Don't say anything ♫
♫ You, like fate, are by my side like usual ♫
♫ It's only you for me ♫
♫ The one person who approaches me ♫
♫ As you approach, like a dream where we get further apart, the pain comes ♫
♫ What should I do? ♫
♫ Can you see? My feelings for you? ♫
♫ Can you hear? My voice that calls for you?  ♫
♫ You, who's shining like a star ♫
♫ I'm drawing you in that sky ♫
♫ I'll protect you ♫
♫ All the warm memories that I have missed so much ♫
♫ is overwhelmingly falling from my heart ♫
[Oh My Baby]
You were together for two days and one night, and you're telling me you're in a meeting?
I'm sorry.
Why are you apologizing? I'm kind of offended.
You need to meet the right man. You can't just look on the outside and fall for him.
Don't protect me. I'm 39, not 19.
I think we need to sort out our roles.
I told you that I'm in the position where we live together.
You're so small! You fit right in my chest.
What are you going to do if I just take another step!
What do you think of me as a woman?
Huh?